---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_vwo Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_vwo (Resource)

This resource represents a VWO destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/testing-and-personalization/vwo-beta-visual-website-optimizer

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_vwo" "example" {
  name = "my-vwo"

  config {
    account_id = "..."

    # is_spa                   = false
    # send_experiment_track    = false
    # send_experiment_identify = false

    # library_tolerance  = "2000"
    # settings_tolerance = "2000"

    # use_existing_jquery = false

    # use_native_sdk {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # event_filtering {
    #   whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   blacklist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    # consent_management {
    # 	web = [
    # 		{
    # 			provider = "oneTrust"
    # 			consents = ["one_web", "two_web", "three_web"]
    # 			resolution_strategy = ""
    # 		},
    # 		{
    # 			provider = "ketch"
    # 			consents = ["one_web", "two_web", "three_web"]
    # 			resolution_strategy = ""
    # 		},
    # 		{
    # 			provider = "custom"
    # 			resolution_strategy = "and"
    # 			consents = ["one_web", "two_web", "three_web"]
    # 		}
    # 	]
    # }
  }
}
```

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 3.0.0 and above, `onetrust_cookie_categories` property is replaced with `consent_management` that supports multiple consent management providers. Please refer to the example above.

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) Enter your VWO account ID.

Optional:

- `consent_management` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify consent configuration data for multiple providers for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--consent_management))
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify which events should be blocked or allowed to flow through to VWO. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `is_spa` (Boolean) Enable this setting if the page is a single page application (SPA).
- `library_tolerance` (String) Enter the value for the library tolerance setting.
- `send_experiment_identify` (Boolean) Enable this setting to send the experiments viewed as `identify` traits.
- `send_experiment_track` (Boolean) Enable this setting to send the experiment data as `track` events.
- `settings_tolerance` (String) Enter the value for the setting tolerance.
- `use_existing_jquery` (Boolean) Enable this setting to use the existing jQuery.
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable this setting to send the events via the device mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))

<a id="nestedblock--config--consent_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.consent_management`

Optional:

- `web` (List of Object) Allows you to specify consent configuration data for multiple providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--consent_management--web))

<a id="nestedatt--config--consent_management--web"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.consent_management.web`

Optional:

- `consents` (List of String)
- `provider` (String)
- `resolution_strategy` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be denylisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be allowlisted.


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)
