---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_facebook_pixel Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_facebook_pixel (Resource)

This resource represents a Facebook Pixel destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/advertising/fb-pixel

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_facebook_pixel" "example" {
  name = "my-facebook-pixel"

  config {
    pixel_id = "facebook pixel id"

    # access_token = "facebook access token"

    # standard_page_call     = true
    # value_field_identifier = "properties.price"
    # advanced_mapping       = true
    # test_destination       = true
    # test_event_code        = "..."

    # events_to_events = [{
    #   from = "from"
    #   to   = "to"
    # }]

    # event_custom_properties = ["one", "two", "three"]

		# blacklist_pii_properties = [{ 
		# 	property = "one"
		# 	hash     = false
		# }, { 
		# 	property = "two"
		# 	hash     = true
		# }]

		# whitelist_pii_properties = [{ 
		# 	property = "one"
		# }, { 
		# 	property = "two"
		# }]
    
    # category_to_content = [{
    #   from = "from"
    #   to   = "to"
    # }]

    # legacy_conversion_pixel_id {
    #   from = "from"
    #   to   = "to"
    # }

    # use_native_sdk {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # event_filtering {
    #   whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   blacklist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   android = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   ios = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   unity = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   reactnative = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   flutter = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cordova = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   amp = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   warehouse = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   shopify = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
  }
}
```

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `pixel_id` (String) Enter your Facebook Pixel ID.

Optional:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Facebook business access token required to send the events via the cloud mode.
- `advanced_mapping` (Boolean) With this setting, you can enable the advanced mapping feature.
- `blacklist_pii_properties` (List of Object) Enter the PII properties to be denylisted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--blacklist_pii_properties))
- `category_to_content` (List of Object) This option lets you specify the category fields to specific Facebook content type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--category_to_content))
- `event_custom_properties` (List of String) For the standard events, some predefined properties are taken by Facebook. If you want to send more properties for your events, mention those properties in this field.
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) This setting lets you determine which events are blocked or allowed to flowed through to Facebook Pixel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `events_to_events` (List of Object) You can map your events to standard Facebook events using this setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--events_to_events))
- `legacy_conversion_pixel_id` (Block List, Max: 1) With this setting, you can send specific events to a legacy conversion Pixel by specifying the event-Pixel ID mapping. Note that this option is available only when sending events via the device mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--legacy_conversion_pixel_id))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `standard_page_call` (Boolean) If this setting is enabled, RudderStack sets `pageview` as a standard event for all the `page` and `screen` calls.
- `test_destination` (Boolean) Enable this setting if you are using this destination for testing purposes.
- `test_event_code` (String) If the above setting is enabled, enter the relevant test event code.
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable this setting to send events from the web SDK to Facebook Pixel via the device mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))
- `value_field_identifier` (String) You can set this field to `properties.price` or `properties.value`. RudderStack will then assign this to the value field of the Facebook payload.
- `whitelist_pii_properties` (List of Object) Enter the PII properties to be allowlisted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--whitelist_pii_properties))

<a id="nestedatt--config--blacklist_pii_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.blacklist_pii_properties`

Optional:

- `hash` (Boolean)
- `property` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--config--category_to_content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.category_to_content`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String)
- `whitelist` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--config--events_to_events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.events_to_events`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--legacy_conversion_pixel_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.legacy_conversion_pixel_id`

Required:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `warehouse` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--config--whitelist_pii_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.whitelist_pii_properties`

Optional:

- `property` (String)
