---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_google_analytics4 Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_google_analytics4 (Resource)

This resource represents a Google Analytics 4 destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/analytics/google-analytics-4/

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_google_analytics4" "example" {
  name = "my-google-analytics4"

  config {
    measurement_id  = "G-3454"

    # firebase_app_id = "..."

    # api_secret = "..."

    # types_of_client = "gtag"

    # block_page_view_event   = false
    # extend_page_view_params = false
    # send_user_id            = false

    # use_native_sdk {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # event_filtering {
    #   whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   blacklist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `measurement_id` (String) Enter the Measurement Id which is the identifier for a data stream.

Optional:

- `api_secret` (String, Sensitive) This field is required only for the cloud mode setup where you can enter the API Secret generated through the Google Analytics dashboard.
- `block_page_view_event` (Boolean) Enable this setting to disable sending `page_view` events on load. This setting is applicable only for device mode.
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) With this option, you can determine which events are blocked or allowed to flow through to Google Analytics 4. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `extend_page_view_params` (Boolean) Enable this setting to send `url` and `search` along with any other custom property to the `page` call of the RudderStack SDK. This setting is applicable only for device mode.
- `firebase_app_id` (String) Enter the Firebase App ID which is the identifier for Firebase app.
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the OneTrust category name for mapping the OneTrust consent settings to RudderStack's consent purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `send_user_id` (Boolean) If enabled, the user ID is set to the identified visitors and sent to Google Analytics 4.
- `types_of_client` (String) Select the client type as gtag or Firebase.
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable this setting to send the events via the device mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))

<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be blacklisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be whitelisted.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)
