---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_sentry Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_sentry (Resource)

This resource represents a Sentry destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/error-reporting/sentry

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_sentry" "example" {
  name = "my-sentry"

  config {
    dsn = "https://example.slack.com"

    # server_name             = "..."
    # release                 = "..."
    # environment             = "..."
    # custom_version_property = "..."
    # logger                  = "..."
    # debug_mode              = false

    # ignore_errors = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # include_paths = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # allow_urls    = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # deny_urls     = ["one", "two", "three"]

    # use_native_sdk {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # event_filtering {
    #   whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   blacklist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `dsn` (String) Enter the public DSN of your Sentry project. This is a mandatory field.

Optional:

- `allow_urls` (List of String)
- `custom_version_property` (String) This field helps you dynamically track the application version in Sentry.
- `debug_mode` (Boolean) If enabled, no events are sent to your Sentry instance.
- `deny_urls` (List of String) This is the list of the regex patterns or exact URL strings - from which the errors need to be exclusively sent to Sentry.
- `environment` (String) Enter the value you want RudderStack to set as the environment configuration in your Sentry dashboard.
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) With this option, you can determine which events are blocked or allowed to flow through to Sentry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `ignore_errors` (List of String) This option refers to a list of error messages that you do not want Sentry to notify you.
- `include_paths` (List of String) This field should contain the regex patterns of URLs that are part of the app in the stack trace.
- `logger` (String) Set the name you want Sentry to use as logger.
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the OneTrust category name for mapping the OneTrust consent settings to RudderStack's consent purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `release` (String) This field is used for tracking your application's version in Sentry.
- `server_name` (String) This option is used to track the host on which the client is running.
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable this setting to send the events via the device mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))

<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be blacklisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be whitelisted.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)
