---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_kafka Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_kafka (Resource)

This resource represents the Iterable destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/kafka/

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_kafka" "example" {
  name = "my-kafka"

  config {
    host_name       = "example.com"
    port            = "9092"
    topic           = "example-topic"
    ssl_enabled     = true
    # ca_certificate  = "asd"
    # use_sasl        = true
    # sasl_type       = "plain"
    # username        = "foo"
    # password        = "Rudder123"
    # convert_to_avro = true
    # # avro_schema = [{
    # #   schema_id = "foo",
    # #   schema    = "bar"
    # # }]
    # embed_avro_schema_id       = true
    # onetrust_cookie_categories = ["analytics"]
  }

}
```

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `host_name` (String) The host name of your Kafka service.
- `port` (String) The port number associated with the Kafka service.
- `topic` (String) The topic name in your Kafka service where the data will be sent.

Optional:

- `avro_schema` (List of Object) The Avro schema for the Kafka service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--avro_schema))
- `ca_certificate` (String) The CA certificate for the Kafka service.
- `convert_to_avro` (Boolean) Whether to convert the data to Avro format.
- `embed_avro_schema_id` (Boolean) Whether to embed the Avro schema ID.
- `enable_multi_topic` (Boolean) Whether to enable multi-topic.
- `event_to_topic_map` (List of Object) The event to topic map for the Kafka service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--event_to_topic_map))
- `event_type_to_topic_map` (List of Object) The event type to topic map for the Kafka service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--event_type_to_topic_map))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (List of String) Specify the OneTrust category name for mapping the OneTrust consent settings to RudderStack's consent purposes.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the Kafka service.
- `sasl_type` (String) The SASL type for the Kafka service.
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable SSL for the Kafka service.
- `use_sasl` (Boolean) Whether to use SASL for the Kafka service.
- `username` (String) The username for the Kafka service.

<a id="nestedatt--config--avro_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.avro_schema`

Optional:

- `schema` (String)
- `schema_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--config--event_to_topic_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_to_topic_map`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--config--event_type_to_topic_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_type_to_topic_map`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)
