---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_snowflake Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_snowflake (Resource)

This resource represents a Snowflake destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/snowflake/

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_snowflake" example{
  name = "my-snowflake"

  config {
    account = "..."
    database = "..."
    warehouse = "..."
    user = "..."
    password = "..."
    sync {
      frequency = "60"
      # start_at                  = "10:00"
      # exclude_window_start_time = "11:00"
      # exclude_window_end_time   = "12:00"
    }
    # json_paths = "..."
    use_rudder_storage = true
    # namespace = "..."
    # prefix = "..."
    # additional_properties = true
    # s3 {
    #   bucket_name = "..."
    #   access_key_id = "..."
    #   access_key = "..."
    #   enable_sse = true
    # }
    # gcp {
    #   bucket_name = "..."
    #   credentials = "..."
    #   storage_integration = "..."
    # }
    # azure {
    #   container_name = "..."
    #   account_name = "..."
    #   account_key = "..."
    #   storage_integration = "..."
    # }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `account` (String) Account ID of your Snowflake warehouse. This account ID is part of the Snowflake URL. Example : https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/faq/#while-configuring-the-snowflake-destination-what-should-i-enter-in-the-account-field
- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the user.
- `sync` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specify your sync settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--sync))
- `user` (String) Name of the user.
- `warehouse` (String) Name of the warehouse.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (Boolean)
- `azure` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--azure))
- `gcp` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--gcp))
- `json_paths` (String) Specify required json properties in dot notation separated by commas.
- `namespace` (String) Schema name for the warehouse where the tables are created by Rudderstack.
- `prefix` (String) If specified, RudderStack will create a folder in the bucket with this prefix and push all the data within that folder.
- `s3` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--s3))
- `use_rudder_storage` (Boolean) Enable this setting to use RudderStack-managed buckets for object storage.

<a id="nestedblock--config--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sync`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Specify how often RudderStack should sync the data to your snowflake database.

Optional:

- `exclude_window_end_time` (String) Set the end time of the exclusion window.
- `exclude_window_start_time` (String) This optional setting lets you set a time window when RudderStack will not sync the data to your database.
- `start_at` (String) Specify the particular time of the day (in UTC) when you want RudderStack to sync the data to the warehouse.


<a id="nestedblock--config--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.azure`

Required:

- `account_key` (String) Enter the account key for your Azure container.
- `account_name` (String) Enter the account name for the Azure container.
- `container_name` (String) Specify the name of your Azure container where RudderStack will store the data before loading it into Snowflake.
- `storage_integration` (String) Create the cloud storage integration in Snowflake and enter the name of integration. Please refer to this for more details -> https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/snowflake/#configuring-cloud-storage-integration-with-snowflake


<a id="nestedblock--config--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.gcp`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Specify the name of your GCS bucket where RudderStack will store the data before loading it into Snowflake.
- `credentials` (String) GCP Service Account credentials JSON for RudderStack to use in loading data into your Google Cloud Storage.
- `storage_integration` (String) Create the cloud storage integration in Snowflake and enter the name of integration.Please refer to this for more details -> https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/snowflake/#configuring-cloud-storage-integration-with-snowflake


<a id="nestedblock--config--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.s3`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Specify the name of your S3 bucket where RudderStack will store the data before loading it into Snowflake.

Optional:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter your AWS secret access key.
- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) Enter your AWS access key ID obtained from the AWS console.
- `enable_sse` (Boolean) Toggle on this setting to enable server-side encryption for your S3 bucket.
