---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_google_ads Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_google_ads (Resource)

This resource represents a Google Ads destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/advertising/g-ads-gtag

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_google_ads" "example" {
  name = "my-google-ads"

  config {
    conversion_id = "AW-00000000"

    # default_page_conversion = "..."

    # page_load_conversions = [
    #   {
    #     "label" = "..."
    #     "name"  = "..."
    #   }
    # ]

    # click_event_conversions = [
    #   {
    #     "label" = "..."
    #     "name"  = "..."
    #   }
    # ]

    # dynamic_remarketing {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # conversion_linker          = true
    # send_page_view             = true
    # disable_ad_personalization = true

    # use_native_sdk {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # event_filtering {
    #   whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   blacklist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    # onetrust_cookie_categories = ["one", "two", "three"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `conversion_id` (String) Enter your Google Ads Conversion ID.

Optional:

- `click_event_conversions` (List of Object) For `track` calls, you can configure these fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--click_event_conversions))
- `conversion_linker` (Boolean) This setting is enabled by default. If you don't want the global site tag (gtag.js) to set first-party cookies on your website domain, you should disable this setting.
- `default_page_conversion` (String) Enter the default conversion label.
- `disable_ad_personalization` (Boolean) Enable this setting to programmatically disable ad personalization.
- `dynamic_remarketing` (Block List, Max: 1) Enabling this tracking mode allows RudderStack to leverage Google Ads' Dynamic Remarketing feature for event tracking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--dynamic_remarketing))
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) With this option, you can determine which events are blocked or allowed to flow through to Google Ads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (List of String) Specify the OneTrust category name for mapping the OneTrust consent settings to RudderStack's consent purposes.
- `page_load_conversions` (List of Object) You can configure the page load conversions for multiple instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--page_load_conversions))
- `send_page_view` (Boolean) Enabling this setting configures Google Ads to automatically send your `page` events.
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) As this is a device mode destination, this setting will always be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))

<a id="nestedatt--config--click_event_conversions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.click_event_conversions`

Optional:

- `label` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--dynamic_remarketing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.dynamic_remarketing`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be blacklisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be whitelisted.


<a id="nestedatt--config--page_load_conversions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.page_load_conversions`

Optional:

- `label` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)
