---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_braze Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_braze (Resource)

This resource represents the Braze destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/braze/

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_braze" "example" {
  name = "my-braze"

  config {
    data_center = "US-01"
    connection_mode {
      web = "cloud"
    }
    rest_api_key    = "braze rest api key"
    # app_key    = "braze app key"
    enable_subscription_group_in_group_call    = true
    enable_nested_array_operations    = true
    send_purchase_event_with_extra_properties    = true
    track_anonymous_user    = true
    support_dedup    = true
    enable_braze_logging {
      web = true
    }
    enable_push_notification {
      web = true
    }
    allow_user_supplied_javascript {
      web = true
    }
    event_filtering {
       whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
       # blacklist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    }
    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   android = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   ios = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   unity = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   reactnative = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   flutter = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cordova = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   amp = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   warehouse = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   shopify = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
  }
}
```

> **⚠️ Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `connection_mode` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Use this setting to set how you want to route events from your source to destination.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--connection_mode))
- `data_center` (String) Enter your Braze Data Center.

Optional:

- `allow_user_supplied_javascript` (Block List, Max: 1) Use this setting to enable HTML in-app messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--allow_user_supplied_javascript))
- `app_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Braze APP Key. Required for Device mode.
- `enable_braze_logging` (Block List, Max: 1) Use this setting to show braze logs to customer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--enable_braze_logging))
- `enable_nested_array_operations` (Boolean) Use this setting to use Custom Attributes Operation.
- `enable_push_notification` (Block List, Max: 1) Use this setting to use push notification. It requires service worker setup by client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--enable_push_notification))
- `enable_subscription_group_in_group_call` (Boolean) Use this setting to Enable subscription groups in group call
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) This option allows you filter the events you want to send to Braze. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `rest_api_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Braze Rest Api Key. Required for cloud mode.
- `send_purchase_event_with_extra_properties` (Boolean) Use this setting to Enable to send purchase events with custom properties.
- `support_dedup` (Boolean) Use this setting to enable Deduplicate Traits on identify and track.
- `track_anonymous_user` (Boolean) Use this setting to Track events for anonymous users.

<a id="nestedblock--config--connection_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.connection_mode`

Optional:

- `amp` (String)
- `android` (String)
- `cloud` (String)
- `cordova` (String)
- `flutter` (String)
- `ios` (String)
- `react_native` (String)
- `shopify` (String)
- `unity` (String)
- `warehouse` (String)
- `web` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--allow_user_supplied_javascript"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.allow_user_supplied_javascript`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--config--enable_braze_logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.enable_braze_logging`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--config--enable_push_notification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.enable_push_notification`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be denylisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be allowlisted.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `warehouse` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)
