---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_redshift Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_redshift (Resource)

This resource represents an Amazon Redshift warehouse destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/reverse-etl/amazon-redshift

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_redshift" "example" {
  name = "my-redshift"

  config {
    host     = "localhost"
    port     = "5432"
    database = "example"
    user     = "redshift"
    password = "redshift"

    namespace          = "example"
    enable_sse         = true
    use_rudder_storage = false


    # s3 {
    #   bucket_name   = ""
    #   access_key_id = ""
    #   access_key    = ""
    # }

    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   android = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   ios = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   unity = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   reactnative = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   flutter = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cordova = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   amp = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud_source = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   shopify = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    sync {
      frequency = "30"

      # start_at                  = "10:00"
      # exclude_window_start_time = "11:00"
      # exclude_window_end_time   = "12:00"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `database` (String) The database name in your Redshift instance where the data will be sent.
- `host` (String) The host name of your Redshift service.
- `namespace` (String) Enter the schema name where RudderStack will create all the tables. If you don't specify any namespace, RudderStack will set this to the source name, by default.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the above user.
- `port` (String) The port number associated with the Redshift database instance.
- `sync` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specify your sync settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--sync))
- `use_rudder_storage` (Boolean) Enable this setting to use the RudderStack-hosted object storage.
- `user` (String) The name of the user with the required read/write access to the above database.

Optional:

- `enable_sse` (Boolean) This setting enables server-side encryption.
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `s3` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--s3))

<a id="nestedblock--config--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sync`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Specify how often RudderStack should sync the data to your Redshift database.

Optional:

- `exclude_window_end_time` (String) Set the end time of the exclusion window.
- `exclude_window_start_time` (String) This optional setting lets you set a time window when RudderStack will not sync the data to your database.
- `start_at` (String) Specify the particular time of the day (in UTC) when you want RudderStack to sync the data to the warehouse.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cloud_source` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.s3`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Enter the name of your S3 bucket.

Optional:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter your AWS secret access key.
- `access_key_id` (String) Enter your AWS access key ID.
