---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_s3_datalake Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_s3_datalake (Resource)

This resource represents an Amazon S3 Datalake warehouse destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/data-warehouse-integrations/s3-datalake

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_s3_datalake" "example" {
  name = "my-s3-datalake"

  config {
    bucket_name = "bucket"

    # namespace     = "..."
    # prefix        = "prefix"
    # access_key_id = "..."
    # access_key    = "..."

    # enable_sse    = true

    use_glue = true
    region   = "us-east-2"

    sync {
      frequency = "30"
      # start_at  = "10:00"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket that will be used to store the data before loading it into the S3 data lake.
- `sync` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specify your data sync settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--sync))
- `use_glue` (Boolean) This setting enables AWS Glue.

Optional:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter your AWS secret access key.
- `access_key_id` (String) Enter your AWS access key ID.
- `enable_sse` (Boolean) This setting enables server-side encryption.
- `namespace` (String) If specified, all the data for the destination will be pushed to `s3://<bucketName>/<prefix>/rudder-datalake/<namespace>`.
- `prefix` (String) If specified, RudderStack creates a folder in the bucket with this prefix and push all the data within that folder.
- `region` (String) Enter your AWS Glue region. For example, for N.Virginia, it would be `us-east-1`.

<a id="nestedblock--config--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sync`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Specify how often RudderStack should sync the data to your PostgreSQL database.

Optional:

- `start_at` (String) This optional setting lets you specify the particular time of the day (in UTC) when you want RudderStack to sync the data to the warehouse.
