---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_redis Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_redis (Resource)

This resource represents a Redis destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/storage-platforms/redis

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_redis" "example" {
  name = "my-redis"

  config {
    address = "1.2.3.4"

    # password      = ""
    # cluster_mode  = false
    # secure        = false
    # prefix        = "..."
    # database      = "..."
    # ca_certificate = "..."
    # skip_verify   = false
    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   android = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   ios = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   unity = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   reactnative = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   flutter = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cordova = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   amp = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   warehouse = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   shopify = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `address` (String) Enter the address associated with your Redis cluster.

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String) Enter the certificate which needs to be verified while establishing a secure connection. Skip setting this if Root CA of your server can be verified with any client, e.g. AWS Elasticache.
- `cluster_mode` (Boolean) Use this setting to enable the Redis cluster mode.
- `database` (String) RudderStack stores the user traits in the default database of the Redis instance. A different database inside the Redis instance can be configured using this setting.
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Enter the password associated with your Redis user.
- `prefix` (String) By default, RudderStack stores user traits with the key user:<user_id>. An extra prefix can be added in the destination configuration to distinguish all RudderStack-stored keys with a prefix.
- `secure` (Boolean) Enable this setting if you want to send the data to Redis via SSL.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) Enable this setting to skip the client's verification of the server's certificate chain and host name.

<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `warehouse` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)
