---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_active_campaign Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_active_campaign (Resource)

This resource represents an Active Campaign destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/marketing/activecampaign

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_active_campaign" "example" {
  name = "my-active_campaign"

  config {
    api_url = "https://example.api-us1.com"
    api_key = "..."

    # actid     = "..."
    # event_key = "..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter your ActiveCampaign API key.
- `api_url` (String) Enter your ActiveCampaign API URL. You can find it in your account in the Settings page under the Developer tab.

Optional:

- `actid` (String) Enter your ActID here. To obtain the ActID unique to your ActiveCampaign account, go to Settings > Tracking > Event Tracking API.
- `event_key` (String) Enter the event key unique to your ActiveCampaign account. To obtain the event key, go to your ActiveCampaign account > Settings > Tracking > Event Tracking.
