---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_linkedin_insight_tag Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_linkedin_insight_tag (Resource)

This resource represents an LinkedIn Insight Tag destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/linkedin-insight-tag/

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_linkedin_insight_tag" "example" {
  name = "my-linkedin-insight-tag"

  config {
    partner_id = "p-id"
#    event_to_conversion_id_map = [
#      {
#        from = "a1"
#        to   = "b1"
#      },
#      {
#        from = "a2"
#        to   = "b2"
#      }]
#    use_native_sdk {
#      web = true
#    }
#    event_filtering {
#      whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
#    }
    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
    }
  
}
```

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `partner_id` (String) Enter your LinkedIn Partner ID.

Optional:

- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) With this option, you can determine which events are blocked or allowed to flow through to LinkedIn. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `event_to_conversion_id_map` (List of Object) Event Conversion IDs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--event_to_conversion_id_map))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) As this is a device mode destination, this setting will always be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))

<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be denylisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be allowlisted.


<a id="nestedatt--config--event_to_conversion_id_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_to_conversion_id_map`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `web` (Boolean)
