---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_slack Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_slack (Resource)

This resource represents a Slack destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/business-messaging/slack

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_slack" "example" {
  name = "my-slack"

  config {
    webhook_url = "https://example.slack.com"

    identify_template = "..."

    # event_channel_settings = [
    #   {
    #     name     = "..."
    #     channel  = "..."
    #     regex    = true
    #   }
    # ]

    # event_template_settings = [
    #   {
    #     name     = "..."
    #     template = "..."
    #     regex    = true
    #   }
    # ]

    # whitelisted_trait_settings = ["one", "two", "three"]

    # onetrust_cookie_categories = ["one", "two", "three"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `webhook_url` (String) Enter your Slack's incoming webhook URL.

Optional:

- `event_channel_settings` (List of Object) Specify your event channel settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--event_channel_settings))
- `event_template_settings` (List of Object) Specify your event template settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--event_template_settings))
- `identify_template` (String) Specify the template that you want the `identify` event to be transformed to before it is sent to Slack.
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (List of String) Specify the OneTrust category name for mapping the OneTrust consent settings to RudderStack's consent purposes.
- `whitelisted_trait_settings` (List of String) Only the traits listed in this section are considered to be a part of the identify template. The rest are sent to Slack.

<a id="nestedatt--config--event_channel_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_channel_settings`

Optional:

- `channel` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `regex` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--config--event_template_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_template_settings`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `regex` (Boolean)
- `template` (String)
