---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_bigquery Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_bigquery (Resource)

This resource represents a BigQuery warehouse destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/data-warehouse-integrations/google-bigquery

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_bigquery" "example" {
  name = "my-bigquery"

  config {
    project     = "project"
    bucket_name = "bucket"
    credentials = "..."

    # location  = "us-east1"
    # prefix    = ""
    # namespace = ""
    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   android = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   ios = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   unity = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   reactnative = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   flutter = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cordova = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   amp = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   cloud_source = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   shopify = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }

    sync {
      frequency = "30"
      # start_at                  = "10:00"
      # exclude_window_start_time = "11:00"
      # exclude_window_end_time   = "12:00"
    }
  }
}
```

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Enter the name of your staging storage bucket.
- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) Enter your GCP service account credentials JSON.
- `project` (String) Enter your GCP project ID where the BigQuery database is located.
- `sync` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Enter the sync settings for the following fields: (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--sync))

Optional:

- `location` (String) Enter the GCP region of your project dataset.
- `namespace` (String) Enter the schema name where RudderStack will create all the tables. If not specified, RudderStack will set this to the source name by default.
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `prefix` (String) If specified, RudderStack creates a folder in the bucket with this prefix and loads all the data in it.

<a id="nestedblock--config--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sync`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Specify how often RudderStack should sync the data to your BigQuery dataset.

Optional:

- `exclude_window_end_time` (String) Specify the end time for the exclusion window.
- `exclude_window_start_time` (String) Set a time window when RudderStack will not sync the data to your database.
- `start_at` (String) Specify the particular time of the day (in UTC) when you want RudderStack to sync the data to BigQuery.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cloud_source` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)
