---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_postgres Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_postgres (Resource)

This resource represents a PostgreSQL warehouse destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/data-warehouse-integrations/postgresql

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_postgres" "example" {
  name = "my-postgres"

  config {
    host                 = "localhost"
    user                 = "postgres"
    password             = "postgres"
    port                 = "5432"
    namespace            = "example"
    database             = "example"
    ssl_mode             = "disable"
    use_rudder_storage   = false

    # verify_ca {
    #   client_key  = "-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----...-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
    #   client_cert = "-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----...-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
    #   server_ca   = "-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----...-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
    # }

    # s3 {
    #   bucket_name   = ""
    #   access_key_id = ""
    #   access_key    = ""
    # }

    # gcs {
    #   bucket_name = ""
    #   credentials = ""
    # }

    # azure_blob {
    #   container_name = ""
    #   account_name   = ""
    #   account_key    = ""
    # }

    # minio {
    #   bucket_name       = ""
    #   endpoint          = ""
    #   access_key_id     = ""
    #   secret_access_key = ""
    #   use_ssl           = ""
    # }
  }

  #   sync {
  #     frequency = "30"
  #     sync_start_at    = "???"
  #     exclude_start_at = "???"
  #     exclude_end_at   = "???"
  #   }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `database` (String) Enter your PostgreSQL database name where RudderStack will load the data.
- `host` (String) Enter the host name of your PostgreSQL service.
- `namespace` (String) Enter the schema name where RudderStack will create all the tables. Defaults to the source name.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Enter the password you set for the above user.
- `port` (String) Enter the port number associated with your PostgreSQL instance.
- `ssl_mode` (String) Choose the SSL mode through which RudderStack will connect to your PostgreSQL instance. RudderStack provides three options - `disable`, `require`, and `verify-ca`.
- `user` (String) Enter the name of the PostgreSQL user with the required permissions to the PostgreSQL database.

Optional:

- `azure_blob` (Block List, Max: 1) Enter your Azure blob storage bucket details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--azure_blob))
- `gcs` (Block List, Max: 1) Enter your GCS object storage bucket details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--gcs))
- `minio` (Block List, Max: 1) Enter your Minio bucket details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--minio))
- `s3` (Block List, Max: 1) Enter your S3 object storage bucket details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--s3))
- `sync` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify your sync settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--sync))
- `use_rudder_storage` (Boolean) Enable this setting to enable RudderStack-hosted object storage.
- `verify_ca` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--verify_ca))

<a id="nestedblock--config--azure_blob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.azure_blob`

Required:

- `account_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter the account key associated with the Azure container.
- `account_name` (String) Enter the account name associated with the Azure Blob Storage container.
- `container_name` (String) Enter the name of your Azure container.


<a id="nestedblock--config--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.gcs`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Enter the name of your GCS bucket.
- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) Enter your GCS connection credentials JSON details.


<a id="nestedblock--config--minio"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.minio`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) Enter the access key ID associated with your Minio account.
- `bucket_name` (String) Enter the name of your Minio bucket.
- `endpoint` (String) Enter the endpoint associated with your Minio bucket.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter the secret access key associated with your Minio account.

Optional:

- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Enable this setting to use SSL for your Minio bucket.


<a id="nestedblock--config--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.s3`

Required:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter the access key name associated with the S3 bucket.
- `access_key_id` (String) Enter the acces key ID associated with the S3 bucket.
- `bucket_name` (String) Enter the name of your S3 bucket.


<a id="nestedblock--config--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sync`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Specify how often RudderStack should sync the data to your PostgreSQL database.

Optional:

- `exclude_window_end_time` (String) Set the end time of the exclusion window.
- `exclude_window_start_time` (String) This optional setting lets you set a time window when RudderStack will not sync the data to your database.
- `start_at` (String) This optional setting lets you specify the particular time of the day (in UTC) when you want RudderStack to sync the data to the warehouse.


<a id="nestedblock--config--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.verify_ca`

Required:

- `client_cert` (String, Sensitive) Enter the Client Cert Pem File details.
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter the Client Key Pem File details.
- `server_ca` (String, Sensitive) Enter the Server CA Pem File details.
