---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_google_sheets Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_google_sheets (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) Enter the credentials JSON used by the client library to access the Google Sheets API.
- `sheet_id` (String) Enter your Google sheet ID. You can find it in the spreadsheet URL.
- `sheet_name` (String) Specify the name of the Google spreadsheet to which you want to send the data.

Optional:

- `event_key_map` (List of Object) Add Event Properties to map to Google-Sheets Column. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--event_key_map))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))

<a id="nestedatt--config--event_key_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_key_map`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `warehouse` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)


