---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_kinesis Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_kinesis (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `region` (String) Enter the region.
- `stream` (String) Enter the stream name.

Optional:

- `key_based_authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) This option allows you select the key based authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--key_based_authentication))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `role_based_authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) This option allows you select the arn based authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--role_based_authentication))
- `use_message_id` (Boolean) Use MessageId as Partition Key

<a id="nestedblock--config--key_based_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.key_based_authentication`

Required:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Enter the AWS Secret Access Key.
- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) Enter the AWS Access Key ID.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `amp` (List of String)
- `android` (List of String)
- `cloud` (List of String)
- `cordova` (List of String)
- `flutter` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `reactnative` (List of String)
- `shopify` (List of String)
- `unity` (List of String)
- `warehouse` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--role_based_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.role_based_authentication`

Optional:

- `i_am_role_arn` (String) Role Based Authentication


