---
page_title: "rudderstack_destination_qualtrics Resource - terraform-provider-rudderstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rudderstack_destination_qualtrics (Resource)

This resource represents an Qualtrics destination. For more information check 
https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/qualtrics/

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rudderstack_destination_qualtrics" example{
  name = "my-qualtrics"

  config {
    project_id = "p-id"
    brand_id = "b-id"
    # enable_generic_page_title = true
    
    # use_native_sdk {
    #   web = true
    # }

    # event_filtering {
    #   whitelist = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   blacklist = ["one","two","three"]
    # }

    # onetrust_cookie_categories {
    #   web = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   android = ["one", "two", "three"]
    #   ios = ["one", "two", "three"]
    # }
  }
}
```

> **:warning: Breaking Change**
> 
> Note that from the provider versions 2.0.0 and above, the schema of `onetrust_cookie_categories` property has been changed. Please refer to the example above.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Destination specific configuration. Check the nested block documenation for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Human readable name of the destination. The value has to be unique across all the destinations.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) An enabled destination allows data to be sent to it.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `brand_id` (String) Enter your Brand ID.
- `project_id` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Project ID.

Optional:

- `enable_generic_page_title` (Boolean) This setting enables Generic Page Title.
- `event_filtering` (Block List, Max: 1) RudderStack lets you determine which events should be allowed to flow through or blocked. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--event_filtering))
- `onetrust_cookie_categories` (Block List, Max: 1) Allows you to specify the OneTrust cookie categories for each source type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories))
- `use_native_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable this setting to send the events through SDKs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk))

<a id="nestedblock--config--event_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.event_filtering`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be blacklisted.
- `whitelist` (List of String) Enter the event names to be whitelisted.


<a id="nestedblock--config--onetrust_cookie_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.onetrust_cookie_categories`

Optional:

- `android` (List of String)
- `ios` (List of String)
- `web` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--use_native_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.use_native_sdk`

Optional:

- `android` (Boolean)
- `ios` (Boolean)
- `web` (Boolean)
